very good to all I'm gollito and first
that everything wanted to thank
record for letting me upload this video in
your channel and also to your channel
community for tricks that tricks and
all tricks is and good
thank you very much for record and good
let's start
Now I 'm going to show you a little about
how is this trick this cliché and good
here it is
to see and I'm going to show you
well as you see there should be all that
there are in the caves and that is now a very
good trick the truth
here I have
as I have done
and well we are going to give you a little about
how to do the things we need
they would be stones first
sticky piston
and the luminous
redstone and a good lever what
let's do is
place two stone upwards of
this way it puts us on one side
crossed and put the piston to you
and a stone under the piston
well in this way a sticky piston
ok now we are going to put stone
luminous forward of the piston
in this way now let's put rock
here
as you will see now we can enter there
we just have to put reggaeton here
there I come back and a lever here
As you will see, the piston moves
go moving the lever
now we only need to enter here
once here we look down and move
the lever
we move it
now we are seeing at this moment
the caves that are down this is
a very good trick
and then tell a little about another one that already
have done
down here
with the remover
well we do in the same way and as
you will see look like the more to the bottom
let's be more let's see why the
games are always in the background and as
you will see here you can already see there then
as you see it but there you see
this
and look, the trick is very good
do not forget to subscribe to the channel of
record and channel channel
Community record and leading boxing h
you can not go very well and good
thank you
at risk and the boxer for letting me get on
this video mainly on the channel
record and in the community channel that
they carry 2
do not forget to subscribe that is a very
good channel and until next time
Health